Your thing with Pǔ Chéng
Young Master Wú suppressed the gossip
And the attacks against you
Just so you
Could happily marry into the Wú family
You always said no man
Could tolerate being cheated on
But he
Forgave you
Time and time again
And what about you?
You threw away
The person who loved you most
I didn’t
It’s all your fault
You ruined me
You ruined yourself
If it weren’t for
Your vanity and greed
How would you end up like this?
Young Master Wú may lack
Ambition
But he’s not like Fù Jiā Hào
He never thought of using you
He respected you
Loved you
Gave you everything
You dreamed of being an elite lady
But what about you?
Because of greed
You lost
The person who loved you most
Qín Ruò Yǔ
You’re just relying on
Your better family background
To stand here
Pointing fingers at me, right?
Let me tell you
If you were me
You’d
Make the same choice
Why
Should I be
Trampled by others?
I
I want to be the one standing above others
I want others
To look up to and flatter me
People aim for higher places
What did I do wrong?